feat(curriculum): add string formatter workshop to FSD cert (#62561)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-string-formatter/68e4276483b0c71658aab1d3.md

---
id: 68e4276483b0c71658aab1d3
title: Step 14
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

As you recall from earlier lessons and workshops, you can extract portions of a string by using the `slice()` method.

Here is a reminder:

```js
const str = "abcd"
str.slice(0, 3); // "abc"
```

Change the value of the `camelCasedVersion` from an empty string to the result of using the `slice()` method on the `lowercaseWord` variable. Pass in the number `0` and `5` which represent the start and end indices for the `slice()` method.

Now you should see the word `"camel"` in the console.

# --hints--

Your `camelCasedVersion` variable should not be an empty string.

```js
assert.isNotEmpty(camelCasedVersion);
```

You should assign `lowercaseWord.slice(0, 5)` to the `camelCasedVersion` variable.

```js
assert.equal(camelCasedVersion, lowercaseWord.slice(0, 5));
```

> You should NOT assign the literal string `"camel"` to the `camelCasedVersion`. Please re read through the instructions for the correct approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should NOT assign the literal string `"camel"` to the `camelCasedVersion`. Please reread through the instructions for the correct approach.
```
